Define atomicity (#2107)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11.7 Batch Requests.md

All requests in a change set represent a single change unit so a service
MUST successfully process and apply all the requests in the change set

> or else apply none of them (atomicity in the sense of [section ##Atomicity]). The service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or else apply none of them. See [#OData-Protocol#Atomicity] for details on visibility of atomic changes. The service
```
